feat(announcements): :sparkles: Add announcement modal component (#565)
fleek-platform/website: README.md

    - [Override category title](#-override-category-title)
  - [Spell checker](#-spell-checker)
  - [Announcement Marquee](#announcement-marquee)

>   - [Announcement Modal](#announcement-modal)

Author: Is it ok to descope this to a separate improvement ticket given the current urgency?

>   - [Announcement Modal](#announcement-modal)

Author: done!

3. Edit the message and url
4. Set "visible" to true

## Announcement Modal

The Announcement Modal is a customizable popup that can be displayed site-wide or on specific pages. It supports dismissal tracking to avoid repeatedly showing the same announcement to users who have already dismissed it.

### Configuration

1. Open the settings file located at `/src/settings.json`.
2. Locate the `announcementModal` section under "site":

```json
"site": {
  ...
  "announcementModal": {
    "generic": {
      "visible": false,
      "title": "Announcement Modal title",
      "message": "Announcement Modal message. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet",
      "button": "Button label"
    },
    "perPath": [
      {
        "visible": true,
        "title": "Announcement Modal on Eliza",
        "message": "Announcement Modal message on Eliza. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet",
        "button": "Button label on Eliza",
        "path": "/eliza"
      }
    ]
  },
  ...
}
```

### Usage Options

#### Site-wide Modal

To display a modal across the entire site:

> 1. `Set announcementModal.generic.visible` to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the `visible` to `true` in the `generic` property of `announcementModal` of [settings.json](src/settings.json)
```

2. Configure the `title`, `message`, and `button` text

> 3. The generic modal takes precedence over path-specific modals

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::warn
The generic modal takes precedence over path-specific modals
:::
```

> TLDR; Visit [https://fleek-xyz-staging.fleeksandbox.xyz/?via=Helder](https://fleek-xyz-staging.fleeksandbox.xyz/?via=Helder) to have the ability to get a referral link in the window.promotekit_referral

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TLDR; Visit [https://fleek.xyz/?via=Helder](https://fleek.xyz/?via=Helder) to enable referral links in the `window.promotekit_referral`
```

> 1. Visit https://refer.fleek.xyz/ to create an account
> 2. Copy the referral link which will include the account ID, e.g. [https://fleek-xyz-staging.fleeksandbox.xyz/?via=Helder](https://fleek-xyz-staging.fleeksandbox.xyz/?via=Helder)
> 3. Visit the referral link, e.g. [https://fleek-xyz-staging.fleeksandbox.xyz/?via=Helder](https://fleek-xyz-staging.fleeksandbox.xyz/?via=Helder)
> 4. Access the promotekit on runtime e.g. window.promotekit_referral
> 5. As a fallback, you can also get the `promotekit_referral`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Visit [refer.fleek.xyz](https://refer.fleek.xyz) to create an account
2. Copy the referral link, which will include the account ID, e.g. [https://fleek.xyz/?via=Helder](https://fleek.xyz/?via=Helder)
3. Visit the referral link, e.g. [https://fleek.xyz/?via=Helder](https://fleek.xyz/?via=Helder)
4. Access the promotekit on runtime, e.g. `window.promotekit_referral`
5. As a fallback, you can also get the `promotekit_referral`
```
